I got into grasshopper by borrowing my
first one from a friend of mine when my
other brand of mower broke down and
although his unit was probably 15 years
old
it was far better than the brand-new
unit of the other brand that I was using
once the original unit was fixed it was
time to get it back I was really
hesitant on giving me grasshopper back
because I had liked that one so much
more Chris I brought my business
immensely from everything from how fast
it can go
how well they can maneuver the extras I
can put on it every little bit all helps
in time and the more time I can save the
more yards I can cut the quality of
mower is great I rarely have downtime
and if the situation occurs where I do
the dealership that I use stands behind
me 100% and they're right there to help
me and even the more with 4000 hours I
don't I don't feel any reservations
about putting it on a yard and using all
day long I think general maintenance
plays into the fact we keep that up and
the mowers great the power vac works
really well even on the wettest grass I
still have no problems picking it up
some equipment I've heard others talk
about where you know they can't start
bagging anything until the dews off the
ground I have no problem going through
that and in the fall it works
phenomenally I give grasshopper a lot of
credit for the success of my business
the quality of machine that there is
helps me in everyday situations of
bettering myself and my business before
you even consider buying something else
you need to get on a grasshopper try it
once it'll sell you that's all what I
did I borrowed one
I've ran him since 97 and I won't buy
anything else